- [Nana K Voiceover] I know
I'm kind of digressing here,
but bear with me.
Ever since I was a child,
I had this dream that one day,
I would become a beautiful
bride.
It was the only thing I ever
wanted to be.
(upbeat rock music)
- Money for my wedding?
- That's right, honey.
A wedding's a once in a lifetime
event
and it costs a lot.
So bit by bit, I've been putting
some money aside for you.
Having three daughters makes
things
a little more difficult
as you might imagine.
- But if this money's supposed
to be for my wedding,
why give it to me now?
- [Mother] Well, you
did elope, didn't you?
(dramatic music)
- Huh?
- Hi mom, I'm home!
- Nami, do you realize how late
it is?
Where have you been?
- [Nami] We went to karaoke and
stuff.
- Well, okay, but you could've
called
to let me know you were
going to be late.
- [Nana K] Mom!
- Hello, Nana, are you still
there?
- What on earth made you think I
eloped?
- [Nami] Hi Nana.
Nami here.
- Nami?
- How'd it going?
I bet you're loving life in the
big city.
And how are things with your
boyfriend?
- Nami, it was you, wasn't it?
What did you tell mom anyway?
- Oh, nothing much.
I just told her you were moving
to Tokyo
'cause you wanted to live with
some guy.
That's all.
- That's not true!
- You don't have to lie to me.
It must be so nice to have
sex any time you want.
(Nana K gasping)
(mother gasping)
- I don't want to hear
that sort of talk from you!
Go upstairs and take your bath!
- Huh?
But I haven't finished talking
to Nana!
And I already took a bath!
- She's still just a teenager
and she's talking about
sex in front of mom?
- Hello, Nana?
Anyway, you're an adult now
and can look after yourself.
Use the money I gave you however
you want.
Just as long as you promise you
won't move back home.
- Yeah, but what if-
- [Mother] I've got
enough to deal with, okay?
Bye for now.
(phone beeping)
- Mommy?
(Nana O laughing)
I don't see what's so funny!
I thought she'd say,
"Why don't you come on home,
honey?
I'm worried about you."
But instead, she tells me not to
move back
and she thinks I got hitched?
- Yeah, Natsuko.
The coolest mom around.
(Nana O giggling)
- Are you drunk?
Nana.
- Not yet I'm not.
- Yeah right.
(door squeaking)
- I'm back and I got you
cigarettes, Nana.
(Nana O gasping)
Here.
- Yasu!
Welcome home!
(Yasushi giggling)
- I see you've been drinking.
(Nana K gasping)
- I love you, Yasu.
- That's very nice.
(Nana O humming)
Now, will you let go?
- What happened to Nobuo and
Shin?
- Well, Nobuo passed out
in the middle of the road,
so Shin decided to take him
home.
- Oh, I see.
You mean Nobou went and
got totally hammered?
- Yeah, but not Shin.
He's definitely not a
lightweight.
Drank like a fish.
Don't fall asleep.
(Nana O sighing)
Come on.
Give me a break.
Let's get you to bed.
- Thank you.
- Oh, Nana.
(bright piano music)
- [Nana K Voiceover] That's
the first time I've ever seen
Nana let loose and get drunk.
It was kind of cute.
She's gotta be so happy
now that Yasu's here.
She even gave him a big sloppy
kiss
and said I love you.
But it didn't seem to surprise
Yasu.
Those two must have something
going on between them.
But why did they leave the door
open?
- Sorry about that, Nana.
Let me help you clean up.
- That's okay.
I'm nearly finished anyway.
- Then throw me a towel.
I'll start drying.
(bright music)
- [Nana K Voiceover] Yasu's so
sweet.
He may look mean,
but he's generous and
considerate
and never brags about stuff.
And he's a lawyer, too.
If I get hitched,
I want it to be to someone just
like him.
Wait, what am I saying?
Yasu belongs to Nana!
Not only that, I've got Shouji.
- So, is that it?
Thanks for the dinner and
everything.
I think I'm gonna head out.
I'll catch ya later, okay?
- [Nana K] But where are you
going?
- I'm gonna crash at a hotel
just till
I find a place of my own.
Shin's staying at Nobuo's,
so it's kind of crowded there.
- But why don't you just stay
here?
- Thanks for the offer, but I'll
pass.
- It's no big deal!
You're welcome to stay.
- [Yasushi] Yeah, well, can't be
helped.
Goodnight.
- [Nana K Voiceover] What's with
him?
(Nana O snoring)
Something weird's going on.
I know Nana was drunk,
but she was letting
her true feelings show.
So why is Yasu acting
like he doesn't care?
(Nana K gasping)
Maybe he's got a girlfriend back
home.
Since he plays in a band,
I bet he gets a lot of women
after him.
Well, even if he does
have someone back home,
she can't mean that much to him
if he left her to come here.
(light guitar music)
(Nana K gasping)
That's exactly what
Shouji did to me!
(Nana K gasping)
But things are different with
Shouji.
Things were really good
between us before he left.
And then I moved here
because he asked me to.
(dramatic music)
Or it was only me who
wanted to move here!
- [Mother] Well, you did
elope, didn't you honey?
Just promise you won't move back
home.
- [Nana K Voiceover] But
mom, that's not true!
I moved here on my own!
- [Shouji] Nana, you can move in
with me.
- [Nana K Voiceover] It's all
right.
It's all right.
I definitely remember
Shouji saying that to me.
I'm sure if I wanted to settle
down,
he'd marry me anytime.
Then again, living together
and getting married
are two totally different
things.
And Shouji's only just started
college,
so that's gonna take four years,
which is a long time.
Right now he's just as broke as
I am.
- [Mother] A wedding's a
once in a lifetime event
and it costs a lot of money.
- [Nana K Voiceover] She's
right!
I don't want a boring wedding!
I wanna wear a traditional
kimono
and a cute wedding dress!
And I don't wanna live in some
tiny studio apartment.
I want a big house with a yard,
or at least a new condo.
I gotta start saving up!
I'll put the money my mom gave
me
into a long-term savings
account.
Then I'll save up some more on
my own.
If I work my butt off,
I should have a lot of cash by
the time Shouji graduates.
I'll get the house, Shouji.
Leave it to me.
(birds chirping)
(Nana O groaning)
(metal banging)
- God, my head!
Damn, I should never have
agreed to go to work today.
Hachi!
Aspirin!
Where are you?
(bright music)
- Oh.
Morning.
How are you?
- What are you wearing that
getup for?
- I've got a job interview
today.
They asked me to come in right
away.
How do I look?
Think this'll do?
- When you say interview, what
for?
- A publisher.
- What?
(metal banging)
(Nana O groaning)
- Nana, what's wrong?
Are you hungover?
Let me get you something
for that headache.
- Did I hear you say a
publisher?
You're not qualified to
work somewhere like that.
- I've got the basic skills they
need.
They just want someone to
do admin and run errands.
Anyway, it's a small company
that no one's ever heard of,
so it should be fine.
- [Nana O Voiceover] Yeah, sure.
As long as they don't go under.
- Allow me to get you
some water.
- [Nana O Voiceover] Allow
me to get you some water.
She even changed her voice
to go with the outfit.
- So, why do you wanna work for
a publisher all of a sudden?
- I just came across the ad in
the paper.
The pay is good, the hours are
good,
and since I'm living in Tokyo
now,
I figured it'd be cool to
actually work downtown.
The idea of working for a
publisher is so exciting!
Totally cosmopolitan.
- So you wanna be cosmopolitan
now?
Well, I'm glad you got off
your butt
to try and find yourself
a job so quickly.
I thought all that stuff you
said
about wanting to make
it on your own was just talk.
I guess you're starting to
grow up.
- [Nana K Voiceover] Well, not
really.
My only motivation for finding
another job
is 'cause I need the
money so bad.
But whatever the reason,
if I get a proper job and work
hard at it,
maybe maturity will be a
nice side effect,
like killing two birds with
one stone.
- Hey, where did Yasu go?
- [Nana K] He said he was
gonna crash at a hotel
until he can find a place to
live.
I tried to stop him, but-
- Whatever.
- Whatever?
(Nana O yawning)
Anyway, I have to go.
- The band's gonna be rehearsing
later
on at the same studio as before.
You wanna come, Hachi?
- If it's this evening and
I don't have any plans.
- Then you've gotta come.
It's gonna be way better
now that we've got
Yasu back on drums.
Just wait until you hear the
difference.
- Okay!
(upbeat rock music)
- [Nana K Voiceover]
Nana seems so excited.
It's great to see her in such a
good mood.
So now they've got all the
band members lined up.
And if they go for it,
they're gonna make it big,
which means I gotta go for it,
too!
(birds chirping)
- Shouji!
- Hey Junko!
Long time no see!
- Tell me about it.
This is the first time I've ever
seen you on campus.
Have you even been to any
classes yet?
- Ha, ha, you're so funny.
I'm a serious student now.
- Shouji, I'm just gonna go on
ahead.
You want me to cover for you?
- Yeah, sure.
No.
- Yes.
- What's it gonna be?
- Can't you make up your mind?
- Just play it by ear.
- [Friend] Yeah, yeah.
- So, is that the famous
Sachiko?
- What do you mean famous?
- Who said that.
- Oh wow.
- You're totally freaking out.
That makes it even more
suspicious.
- Oh, come on!
Give me a break!
That damn Kyosuke.
Why does he have to tell you
everything?
- Let your smooth talking
friend cover for you in class.
I think you and me need
to go have a little chat.
- Hey, Machira, any idea where
Shouji is?
Have you seen him yet today?
- Yeah.
I was with him just now,
but then he bumped into some
girl he knew.
Looked like they needed to talk,
so I went on ahead and
left him alone.
- Oh, really?
- It's not like that.
I'm pretty sure it wasn't his
girlfriend.
Try not to worry about it.
(Sachiko sighing)
- Listen, Machira, it's not
like that between me and Shouji.
We're just good friends, that's
all.
- Who do you think you're
trying to fool?
It's totally obvious you
like him.
To be honest, I thought you
guys were
already seeing each other
when I first met you.
Then when I found out
Shouji had a girlfriend,
I was kind of surprised it
wasn't you.
- Yeah.
I only discovered that about
him recently.
It kind of took me by
surprise as well.
- He never told you?
That is so lame of him!
He shouldn't be hiding that.
- He didn't!
I just assumed he was single and
never actually asked him!
- You're so sweet to make
excuses for him.
Come and sit by me, Sachiko.
Forget about Shouji and
go out with me instead.
- [Sachiko] Why would I sit with
you when
I'm not even in this class?
Besides, don't you have
a girlfriend back home?
Shouji told me all about her.
- [Kyosuke Voiceover] I
can't believe you told her
about my love life, Shouji.
I'll get you for this.
- Shouji, you're the worst!
I can't believe you would do
that!
- Well, I just sort of
forgot to mention it.
And she never asked.
I wasn't hiding anything from
her.
- Don't want any excuses.
You hid the fact you had a
girlfriend
so you could hit on this other
girl.
- Junko!
You know I'm not capable of
doing
something sneaky like that!
- Not on purpose, no,
but you're not thinking.
You're completely clueless!
Something like this has the
potential
to break a young girl's heart.
- You really think I hurt her?
I don't know.
- Come on!
Of course you hurt her!
Sachiko's fallen in love with
you, right?
- I think so, but maybe that's
just me
thinking she loves me.
She never actually said that she
likes me or anything.
And nothing's ever happened
between us.
When we were hanging out,
it was just as friends.
- Sometimes I wonder if your
intellectual capabilities ever
got beyond junior high.
- Junko!
Don't just walk away from me!
I need your advice!
What should I say to her?
- You want my advice?
Stop seeing her.
The longer you lead her on,
the worse it's gonna get.
The only way out
is to break it off
and to do it right now.
(dramatic music)
- But how can I stop seeing her?
We work together, we're in
the same classes together.
- That's not what I mean
and you know it.
And while you're at it,
you better figure out a way to
get things straight with Nana,
too.
So, Sachiko's more important
to you than Nana now?
- No!
That's crazy!
I haven't done anything
that needs explaining!
I've got nothing to hide from
Nana!
- [Junko] Then how come
she seems to suspect
something's up between you and
Sachiko?
- What?
- I've heard her talking about
Sachiko
on more than one occasion.
Something about her being the
spawn of the demon lord.
(Shouji sighing)
- That's a different Sachiko.
That's the virtual one.
- What?
How'd you come up with a virtual
Sachiko?
- I don't know!
Nana's the one who made her up.
- Listen to me, Shouji.
I know Nana can be way too much
at times
and that someone like Sachiko
can
be a nice comforting escape.
- Escape?
That's right, Junko!
That's exactly what it is!
I feel relaxed whenever
I'm around Sachiko.
It's a total relief.
- But you knew what Nana was
like
when you started going out with
her,
so I don't want you bailing on
her now.
You made a commitment and you
have to see it through.
- Well, that is what I'm gonna
do!
Maybe Kyosuke didn't tell you
this,
but I wanna marry Nana.
I wanna go to the grave with
her.
- Oh please.
If you share a grave with
that demon lord freak,
you're never gonna rest in
peace.
- [Shouji] Junko!
Who's side are you on anyway?
- Neither.
Let's just say I'm on the side
of justice.
- [Shouji Voiceover] Who
does she think she is?
She's the one who used to run
with a gang.
- Just wait till I show everyone
those
photos of her in junior high.
(playful music)
(Shouji gasping)
(dramatic music)
- [Shouji Voiceover]
What's she doing here?
- Shouji!
Thank goodness!
I've been looking for you.
Here's that book I borrowed.
I thought you'd want it
back as soon as possible.
Thanks for lending it to me.
- Oh, that's okay.
You could've returned it
anytime, like at work.
- I guess you're right.
Sorry about that.
- You don't have to apologize.
It's totally fine.
So, how long were you standing
there?
- I'm sorry!
I didn't mean to eavesdrop,
but I was passing by!
When I heard your voice,
I wanted to say hi!
And then when I heard what
you were talking about,
I just kind of stood there
frozen!
- Okay, but how long were you
there for?
- Since she said, "Of course you
hurt her.
Sachiko's fallen in
love with you."
Shouji, I'm so, so sorry!
Are you gonna be all right?
- Yeah, I think so.
But just for the record,
I didn't fall to try and
make you laugh or anything.
That was for real.
- [Sachiko] I'm really sorry.
- No, no.
You don't have to apologize.
I mean, it's not your fault.
It's my fault.
It's all my fault!
Bye!
- [Shouji Voiceover] This is
bad.
Really bad.
What am I gonna do?
I gotta seriously think this
through.
- The longer you lead her on,
the worse it's gonna get.
The only way out is to break it
off
and do it right now.
- But I can't just keep running
away
for the situation, can I,
Kouichi Satou?
- What?
- I'm just talking to myself.
- Well, okay, but when
you tell someone's name,
they're gonna think
you're talking to them.
Hey, don't you have class today,
Shouji?
(Shouji gasping)
Why aren't you there?
If you're cutting class to come
and drink this early in the day,
I'd say you got your priorities
screwed.
- You're right.
What am I doing here at
Jackson's
when I should be at school.
Oh man.
Now I see why people drink
to escape their problems.
I guess I'm already
running away from mine.
(dreamy music)
- [Junko Voiceover] So,
Sachiko's more important to you
than Nana now?
(Kouichi gasping)
- No way!
Kouichi Satou, I'm going to work
now!
I gotta put an end to this
relationship right away!
I'm gonna make sure I lie in the
same grave as Nana!
(sad music)
- [Shouji Voiceover] Even
when I first met Sachiko,
I had this feeling I
should stay away from her.
So what am I doing allowing
myself
to get distracted like this?
That's exactly what the demon
lord wants.
But it ain't gonna happen.
(sad music)
I won't betray Nana.
- Hey Sachiko.
Why do you always change into
sneakers
after work when you've
got such cute shoes?
- If I wanna make the last
train,
I have to run for it.
- [Woman] Ah.
Right, okay.
- Sorry to keep you waiting!
- Let's go!
- Sachiko, wait!
- There's something I need to
tell you.
(Sachiko sighing)
Don't make that face.
- [Shouji Voiceover] I'll
try not to look at her.
- [Shouji] Let's walk while we
talk.
And please, hear me out.
If you miss the last train,
I'll give you the cab fair,
okay?
(dog barking)
- [Shouji Voiceover] How am I
supposed to break up with her?
What should I say?
She's not even my
girlfriend to begin with.
Just a friend!
So I can't tell her we're
breaking up.
That'll be weird.
Do I tell her we can't be
friends anymore?
But she hasn't done anything
wrong.
She's such a sweet girl.
What the hell am I doing?
Anyway, I have to say something.
(Sachiko gasping)
- You know!
(sad piano music)
(Sachiko crying)
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
- It's not your fault, Shouji.
I'm the one to blame.
It was me.
I got my hopes up, that's all.
(Shouji sighing)
I did it on purpose.
But I'll try not to interfere.
I won't ever get in the way of
your relationship with
your girlfriend, I promise.
So, please Shouji, why
can't we just be friends?
I don't want you to start
avoiding me!
(Shouji sighing)
(Sachiko crying)
(sad piano music)
(cellphone ringing)
- There's no answer.
Weird.
Shouji should've finished work
by now,
but it's going to voicemail.
Maybe his phone's dead.
I wanted to tell him the news
about
me getting a brand new job.
- What if he's cheating on you?
- He wouldn't cheat on me!
He's not like that!
(Nana O sighing)
I'll just text him instead.
- It's great you got a job and
all,
but I gotta wonder why a company
like that
would hire you.
They must be desperate
for staff or something.
- You know what they told me?
If I can learn about the
publishing biz
while I'm on the job,
they might give me a promotion
to
something in the editorial
department.
So I'm gonna work really hard.
- They sure got you stoked
about this job, didn't they?
- [Nana K] When I'm
promoted, I'll get a bonus,
which means I'll be one step
closer
to my dream of buying a
big house with a yard.
- [Nana O] A big house with a
yard?
That's your dream?
- [Nana K] Yup.
It's what I've always wanted.
- When I become a rich and
famous singer,
I'll buy you one.
(Nana K gasping)
(romantic violin music)
But your room's gonna be the
doghouse out in the yard.
(Nana K whining)
(Nana O giggling)
- [Nana K Voiceover] If Nana was
a guy,
she'd be the love of my life.
Well, I often thought that back
then.
But if that really was the case,
I wouldn't have experienced such
happy times and memories.
Because love and pain are
inseparable.
It's more painful as you drown
in it.